what's going on guys this is bears I'm a
video here for you day talking at the
hsgi sure-grip
battle though I really like this belt
it's my favorite a vow belt it did have
a different one before get rid of it for
specific reason that this hsgi actually
covers and that is it has the Nia frame
on the inside that's why it's called the
sure-grip um this thing really stays in
place for the most part doesn't move
around very much and it actually has a
gel-like feel and if you can see that
but it actually kind of you know it'll
move and come back into place it's a you
know you're not looking for comfort in
this game but you know if you're looking
to be a little bit more comfortable this
belt will definitely do it for you I'm
going to get through this I have my
stuff on here already I didn't take it
off so you can see the actual belt
without stuff on it but you can get the
gist of what I'm talking about the one
thing I really like about this belt is
the the PALS MOLLE webbing here and it
actually has multicam it is multicam
some other belts out there to see me be
like Callie Brown different colors mimic
a tan as the Rose with what use is it if
you're buying some this multicam that
doesn't have multicam as the Rose
because then you're going to have you
know in my opinion if you want to go
multicam and you might as well go all
out multi again as much as you can get
but let's get to the gist here this is
actually pretty one the slimmer probably
one of the slimmer ones in the market at
about a 3/4 of an inch thick as you can
see here and you have your suspender
attachments here so you can do that with
no problem and it's made by hsgi it's
made in the United States of America you
can see it's a double stitch all the way
around and it's just built like a tank
it's going to get you through whatever
you need to get through it's going to
last a really freakin long time with
this one I have the to15 gear ultimate
Rigger's belt inside really liked that
felt I'll do
Lytton future here but some of the
higher points of this belt or you have
attachment points for sub loads down
here you have think if three yeah three
of them you want to run a you know drop
leg or something boom you have that
ability right here and over here you
have these at the three o'clock and 9
o'clock and the third one is at the six
o'clock if you want to run thump pouch
or something like that I have mine right
here on the on the magazine pouches is
where I run mine the really cool thing
about this is on the inside that
actually has a notice made oh but it's
like a flexible plastic they try to get
it out here and it gives the belt um a
lot of stability and that's kind of what
you're looking for when you're looking
at a belt here see if I can get this out
um you want stability in your belt to
hold all your gear there you go as you
can see here this has a nice flexible
but very stout stationary inside insert
that's going to get you through you know
keeping your gear in place you just
slide that in like that and then there's
a thing in here that holds it in place
you do about velcro on the inside for
the belt that you use with it so you
don't have anything moving around there
everything stays on here extremely well
because the the PALS is stitched
amazingly well um you know unlike some
gear out there you might find care goes
into making these things these things
are made for people so you don't have to
worry about stuff breaking or stuff you
know being subpar I mean you're you know
hsgi you're gonna get something you know
that they pay for and this comes in
around the I think 60 to $75 mark
I think 69 I nine seventy five dollars
in that price range off the top of my
head um I run my holster right here
it it's on there nice and and well um
this is a G code and the G code C G code
go it's called the insta samadhi
attachment um you can see there doesn't
move you know at all it feels exactly
where I wanted to go and you know that's
what I'm looking for can I do this back
on so hard to do with the camera um but
you know it doesn't go anywhere I could
use a drop like if I one - I do have a
drop leg I could convert this into a
drop like but I like to have this up as
high as I can get it and having it right
here does that for me all the other
pouches on here with the you know these
pouches this one is a tactical tailor
you know it fits all know this is kind
of a secondary side and also have the I
pack right here which goes on the back
of the belt and everything just me it
goes on well it's it's made well um I
like this a lot better than some on the
market technical tailor makes a fight
light one there's some high points that
I like but overall this is for the same
price is what this is they're they're
pretty much the same price I would
definitely go with this one like I said
the tactical tailor does not have the
insert to keep things from you know
moving and that's what that insert does
that hard insert does is it keeps things
from flexing um you get a belt doesn't
have an insert in it or doesn't have
anything on the inside like that you're
going to get flexing with your belt and
way too much movement in my opinion um
you don't have that with this hsgi um
getting things in is rather easy and I
said this neoprene really does the job
it keeps this belt in place
I really hate having reviews where I
don't have anything bad to say but I
don't have anything bad say about this
at all um this is the best belt I think
on the market especially in the price
range it's in and hsgi really hit home
run with this in my opinion because of
different colors you're not looking for
the multi can
other colors available pretty much to
round out what their lineup is on the
pouches they have the same colors for
the the belt I think for the most part
but it gets the job done they have
different sizes obviously to accommodate
different people and sizes people are
but they're made very well and you know
you're going to get it done
made in America what else could you
asked for it if you guys have any
questions on this go ahead and I'll put
them down there if you got one put in
the comments or video responses are
always welcome until next time later
you